Prosperity for the path will give the receipt nothing like one who enjoys the food and wealth
in the painting. Paintings. So, here's the one who don't have the qualifications. Maybe
they don't have the joyful effort. They don't have the also courage and commitment. They
don't have and are also kind of like interested, the motivation to explore the teaching. They
are completely kind of like blocked of those things, call it this and not even crush these
things and that and then and as well as also even they have some idea of the joy in the
application of courage. They don't have the joyful effort. So, they don't really pursue
and don't discover due to the laziness laziness and then also they don't keep in the mind
and don't also this and that means mindfulness is also really not active and because of all
those not interested motivations all that this reason those people those individuals
even teaching is right in front of you then it's not treating you even you heard teaching
it won't help. It won't help you because it's not going to absorb to the heart. Heart and
mind and so then it's just like as a like painting of the food and the wealth on the
painting. It's just not going to relieve the wealth. It won't become the reach by having
painting on the well or there is a food put on the on the magazines or something is not
going to make food tummy. So, it's just it's not it's not there's nothing to be lost with
it or nothing to begin. It's just for them. And this is like many times they use the examples
who don't have connection and don't have the motivation is the same thing. If you throw
the big nugget of gold right in front of the doggy and the doggy don't care at all. And
you throw that a bone and he will be oh he or she will be very happy. And so many times
we use examples. Throw the gold oh throw the throw the glass in front of the of the of the
drop not going to pay attention. If you throw glass hey hey h-a-y hey throw and if you throw
a piece of bone to the in front of the cow not going to pay attention. So, this is like
that. And then so that's it. But those who have coverability that those who have really
high coverability here 14 ones then with the opposite of that a 14 one who have this in
the spirit of the activity spirit and for that then the sky to your true nature compound
as inherent inherent. So those who are really have the polynomial connect with teaching they're
eager to learn eager to receive and very enthusiastic to to the teaching and the practices and then
for them and also keep that enthusiasm and the courage and commitment contribute not
yourself only one time or short time of these two weeks but keep that continually keeping
and what in the teaching said the joyful effort is not stopped or not to change it the continually
flowing as a river. River, continually flowing as a river. River, river don't stop for day
and the night. Night is continually flowing. This is joyful effort and the commitment, courage
to the Dharma practices is something that we continue to follow. This practice of Dharma
is not just we are doing to please in the buddhas or the lineage of masters we are doing
the practice to our self to benefit our self and the benefit of other beings all the beings
all the infinite beings that's what really we're doing so we have practicing is not just a kind
of like casual in a support it's a really big goal if we keep up the identity of the practices
this is the one of the marvelous goal that we can do to benefit ourself that means what?
When you practice the Dharma it really brings our mind become more common more peaceful more
practical in the samsara full of common sense and mindfulness too those all will help us
to produce our lives they will help to our friendship with our friends and families in
the group really this is that is Dharma as much as we practice Dharma if those are growing
and developing then the practice is going to the right directions and somehow we practice
Dharma and those are not growing and become more kind of like uncensible more unpractical
more wired that means Dharma is not going exactly right way so therefore we have to
be adjusted by that seeing those things by ourself so therefore this is then for those
of whole generation this teaching came as inherent so that is